I
hi I'm Pat from Consumer Cellular and
I'd like to take a few minutes to show
you how to get the most out of your
motorola Bravo phone and your connect
data plan the Bravo is a great phone and
offers plenty of services with smart
planning you can use the bravos features
and still stay within the data limits of
your connect data plan before you start
always make sure your phone is turned on
to do that press and hold the power key
at the top of the phone and wait until
the screen wakes up then using your
finger swipe the padlock icon to the
right to unlock the screen one way to
save on data usage with your motorola
Bravo is to connect to a Wi-Fi network
for data intensive activities such as
viewing and sending photos interacting
with social networking sites streaming
audio or video using maps and navigation
apps or checking the weather you can use
your home wireless network if you have
one or a Wi-Fi hotspot in a public place
such as a coffee shop etc this way you
can surf the net view photos and watch
videos without using data from your data
plan let me show you how to connect to
Wi-Fi if there's a Wi-Fi network
available you'll see a question mark
next to my network in the status bar at
the top of your display touch and hold
the status bar until the pull down drag
bar appears drag the bar down to the
bottom of your display in the list of
notifications touch Wi-Fi network
available you'll see a message stating a
Wi-Fi network has been detected and that
you can set a preferred network if you
want touch ok select the Wi-Fi network
you want to use if a network has a
padlock icon next to it you'll be
required to enter a password to use the
network once you've entered the required
information touch connect to use the
network there
now you are connected to Wi-Fi and you
can check maps and view photos to your
heart's content your motorola Bravo has
a built-in GPS well this is very handy
it does use data from your data plan one
way to save on data usage is to only use
the GPS when you need it such as when
you are searching for directions to turn
off the gps go to the home screen and
scroll three screens to the right by
swiping your finger right to left there
are four widgets across the top GPS
satellite Wi-Fi Bluetooth and airplane
mode you can turn GPS on or off by
simply touching the widget icon now your
GPS is off whenever you need to use it
again you can come back here and select
it to turn it back on your Motorola
Bravo has many applications that can
provide you with timely information news
emails etc this is a great feature but
it does use data from your data plan one
way to save on data usage is to turn off
background data so these applications
only deliver data when you open them
here's how to do it go to the home
screen touch the Menu key and select
settings then select data manager and
then data delivery touch background data
to uncheck it then touch ok when you see
the notice explaining that some
applications may still use background
data now most of your applications will
only use data when you open them your
Motorola Bravo can have many
applications running in the background
to save on data usage you can set these
applications to automatically end two
minutes after the display times out I'll
show you how go to the home screen and
touch the apps key just above the HOME
key to get to the apps screen scroll and
select task manager the apps are listed
alphabetically so
task manager will be near the end touch
auto and list in the upper right of your
display then touch add application and
check the applications you want to add
to the auto end list when you are
finished touch done these applications
will now automatically shut down when
you aren't using your phone thank you
for watching consumer cellular's tips
video on the motorola Bravo if you need
more information refer to your consumer
cellular quick start guide or visit
www.der calm / moto Bravo for more
helpful tips on using your phone check
out our other YouTube videos visit the
support page of our website ww consumer
cellular com or call us at 888 50 20 886
with Consumer Cellular it's always your
call